Harlan_T_Wood/index.md, before:

--- 
layout: post
title: Harlan T Wood
author: Harlan T Wood
category: Team
---

<img width="150" height="164" src="/IMG/harlan.jpg" class="thumbnail-post alignleft wp-post-image" alt="Harlan T Wood" title="Harlan T Wood" />	
		
Harlan is committed to creating luminous tools, enabling free and open transformation of organizations, individuals, and the world.  He dreams of an age of enlightened creativity, and the end of scarcity on planet earth.  As step zero of this project, Harlan has been prototyping, prototyping, prototyping on massively parallel creative collaboration solutions, culminating in the current efforts around [enlightened structure Software Zero][].  

Harlan brings a decade of experience developing software and managing teams, together with a diverse background including years of meditation and personal transformation in a variety of systems. 

<a class="readmore" href="http://www.harlantwood.net" target="_blank"><span>harlantwood.net</span></a>



[enlightened structure Software Zero]: /Software_Zero

Commit message:

Change Enlightened Structure Software Zero to simply Software Zero

Harlan_T_Wood/index.md, after:

--- 
layout: post
title: Harlan T Wood
author: Harlan T Wood
category: Team
---

<img width="150" height="164" src="/IMG/harlan.jpg" class="thumbnail-post alignleft wp-post-image" alt="Harlan T Wood" title="Harlan T Wood" />	
		
Harlan is committed to creating luminous tools, enabling free and open transformation of organizations, individuals, and the world.  He dreams of an age of enlightened creativity, and the end of scarcity on planet earth.  As step zero of this project, Harlan has been prototyping, prototyping, prototyping on massively parallel creative collaboration solutions, culminating in the current efforts around [Software Zero][].  

Harlan brings a decade of software development and agile project management knowhow together with a diverse background including years of meditation and transformational work in a variety of systems.                                        x  

<a class="readmore" href="http://www.harlantwood.net" target="_blank"><span>harlantwood.net</span></a>



[Software Zero]: /Software_Zero
